[BREAKING] Error deprecated dot syntax (#8589)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

* ``.address`` returns the address of the contract of the function.
* ``.selector`` returns the :ref:`ABI function selector <abi_function_selector>`

.. note::

>   The functions ``.gas(uint)` and ``.value(uint)`` were considered as member
>   functions (for Solidity versions < 0.7.0), these are deprecated in favour of the
>   syntax ``{gas: ...}`` and ``{value: ...}`` respectively. See :ref:`External
>   Function Calls <external-function-calls>` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  External (or public) functions used to have the additional members ``.gas(uint)` and ``.value(uint)``. These were deprecated in Solidity 0.6.2 and removed in Solidity 0.7.0. Instead use ``{gas: ...}`` and ``{value: ...}`` to specify the amount of gas or the amount of wei sent to a function, respectively. See :ref:`External
  Function Calls <external-function-calls>` for more information.
```

* ``.address`` returns the address of the contract of the function.
* ``.selector`` returns the :ref:`ABI function selector <abi_function_selector>`

.. note::
  External (or public) functions used to have the additional members

>   ``.gas(uint)` and ``.value(uint)``. These were deprecated in Solidity 0.6.2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ``.gas(uint)`` and ``.value(uint)``. These were deprecated in Solidity 0.6.2
```
